The octopus poison
should be in your bodies now.
You won't die, but you probably
won't be able to walk very well for a while.
Also, I took off your masks.
I don't know what's built into them.
"Tamaki Amajiki - Quirk: Manifest"
That took too long.
Was everyone else able
to keep moving forward?
I need...
...to go, too...
Huh...?
My face...
At this point...
Amajiki... I wonder if he's all right...
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
"Eijiro Kirishima - Quirk: Hardening"
I can't help but worry about him...
Yeah...
"Pro Hero - Fat Gum - Quirk: Fat Adsorption"
His underclassmen
don't believe in him at all...
Well, even if he says he's okay,
he hasn't shown much to support that,
so it can't be helped.
But! Once you've left him
to guard your back,
you'll trust him to do it if you're a man!
I'm sure he'll be fine!
That just makes you seem
like someone who's easily swayed.
I'm worried, but all I can do is trust him!
We can't waste a second
of the time Suneater got for us!
All right!
"Pro Hero - Rock Lock"
He's too into this.
"Pro Hero - Eraser Head - Quirk: Erasure"
This is strange.
It's weird that the guy who was moving
the basement hasn't shown any movement...
Now that you mention it,
nothing's twisting or turning.
If he isn't putting any obstacles
in our way while we're running...
...then our opponent might not be able
to observe and control the whole basement.
There's the police squad that remained above, too.
Maybe he's focusing his attention on them.
Are you saying that he's limited
in the area he can keep tabs on?
It's just a prediction.
He went into the basement to control it.
If it's not that he has
been assimilated into it,
but that he's moving around inside
the walls to see and hear what's going on,
then when he's manipulating the basement,
it's possible that his body is also close.
"Villain - Joi Irinaka - Quirk: Mimicry"
I can't believe they only stopped one of them!
Even if they're trash,
all three of them are strong.
If an eye or ear from his main body
is peeking through to try and block us...
I see...
Then I can see him.
It's him!
I can't believe you all
came out to try and stop us.
It's hard to believe you're sane.
We're sane.
"Pro Hero - Bubble Girl"
Everyone going out
to fight right now is sane.
If we didn't do anything,
then Overhaul would take our lives.
Over... You're talking about Chisaki, right?
Yeah, it's the name he started
using after the boss took ill,
and he started holding real power.
"Shie Hassaikai"
The boss valued the old ways of chivalry
and looked for a way for
yakuza to survive in these times.
Unlike villains, the Hassaikai
must act with chivalry.
He resented being called
a designated villain group.
The one we all loved was the boss.
Calling himself by a villain-like name...
Bringing in villains...
Making decisions on his own that
go against the will of the members...
That guy's been doing whatever he wants.
The boss becoming unable
to say anything is also definitely--
Hey.
Even though you hate him,
you don't seem to think he'll be caught.
Yeah...
Listen, the ones who don't think about
the future are the ones who aren't sane.
People like that...
...are incredibly strong.
Eraser!
His target is me, after all, huh?
He doesn't want to be seen...
If those three can't do it,
then I'll take them out for sure one by one!
Fat!
If we let this guy do what he wants,
then the time Tamaki
got for us'll be wasted.
Eraser, Erase this guy!
Sorry, thanks!
Why are you here?
I also jumped out to protect Mr. Aizawa...
I thought that I wouldn't
take any damage. But then...
...I sank into you...
I guess it can't be helped.
More importantly, brace yourself.
That fist...
Don't blame me if it's smashed to pieces!
Red...
M... My arm...!
You know what I think?
It's boorish to use guns or blades in a fight.
Anyone who has those can win.
That's not a real fight.
It's better to kill each other
using just the power living inside you.
I wonder if you understand.
"Red Riot"
What do you think you're doin'?!
Huh? A barrier? What is this?
Fat Gum, and a boy who can harden his body.
Hm. They both have Quirks
that are good at defense.
Too bad, Rappa.
For this much shock
to get through even my fat...
It's like a bullet...
"Good at defense"?
They didn't get away unscathed.
Well, I guess it's good enough
that they didn't turn into mincemeat.
These two weren't on the Quirk list we got...
Are they outside guys?
A rush attack of bullets and a barrier?
This'll be an annoying pair to fight.
We are a spear and a shield.
In contrast, you two
are a shield and a shield.
Huh? Wait, what kind of fight is that?
Oh, well...
Although, I do not know if that boy
over there could even be called a shield.
My arm cracked...
Ouch! I couldn't take all of it.
If another barrage like that comes,
I won't be able to take it...
I thought I'd gotten stronger...!
Damn it...!
Again, I'm...
Don't let go of your Unbreakable!
If even your spirit breaks,
then you really have lost!
When fightin' villains,
it's a matter of how fast you can
make them lose their will to fight.
You can't lose your will before them!
Let's blow these small fry away quickly
and go back to the others!
They're planning to beat us.
Isn't that great, Rappa?
You understand? What a great fat guy!
Tengai, I'm starting to have fun.
Get rid of this. Don't use it.
It's not like I need
a Barrier in the first place.
Don't wallow in your own desires.
Don't forget what Master Overhaul said.
This is an excellent matchup.
We will win for certain with our teamwork.
What are you planning to do, fighting maniac?
Overjerk decided we were a team without asking.
It's not "Overjerk," it's "Master Overhaul."
I don't care! As long as I can
fight to the death, I don't care.
Then do what you want, if you think
you can take care of them by yourself.
You understand?
What a great recluse!
If I close the distance between us,
it'll be impossible to dodge.
On top of that, it's such a strong shock
that even with my Adsorption, I get hurt.
At this rate, he'll just eat away
at me slowly until I'm done.
They were fightin' earlier,
but I'm sure that if he's in danger,
the other guy'll put up a barrier.
When I punched that,
it felt like an iron wall.
It's so strong that I won't be able
to do anythin' about it with my power.
If I don't do anythin'
about that guy, we can't win!
And despite what I said,
Kirishima took a lot of damage...
I guess I have no choice but to do it.
If I don't do it right, I'll die,
but if I don't, I'll just die for sure!
Fat...
He called you Rappa, right?
It's been a while since any
attack's had an effect on me.
I was a hardcore martial arts
guy back in the day, too.
Let's see if you'll stop
being able to raise your arm first,
or if I'll stop being able
to take your hits first--
Spear and shield--
Let's have a match to see
which is stronger, Rappa!
You really are a great fat guy!
Tengai, what about your Barrier?
I won't put it up.
Yeah! You guys are all great guys!
Fat...
Protecting me...
Even though he isn't able to
completely withstand the attack...
What am I doing?
Feeling like I'd gotten stronger!
Jumping out with my ultimate move
and having it ripped through so easily!
Ending up just getting in the way!
Oh man, this hurts!
He's getting faster and faster!
Maybe I won't make it in time?!
Don't disappoint me, fat guy!
Don't pass out on me yet!
My shoulder's finally warmed up!
What... can I do?
What can I do right now?!
Fat Gum's gonna die!
Because of me!
Don't you have anything, boring bastard?!
Don't you have anything left after
they break through your Hardening?!
Can't you do anything?
That boy... is already done for.
His eyes are filled with fear.
Nothing's changed... since back then...
Nothing...
"Mustafa Private Middle School"
Hey, I heard...
...that you have a Quirk that
can change leaves into money.
That's a great Quirk.
Make these leaves into 10,000 yen bills.
We're short on cash this month.
Paper bills aren't allowed!
Besides, they turn back to leaves right away!
No one will know if we use them
before they change back, right?
No... I told you I wouldn't do it...!
Hey, you trying to scare the underclassman
to make some chump change?
It's not manly, you know!
Who's that?
The third year, Kirishima.
Here he comes!
Don't worry.
He's not that strong.
His Quirk just makes him a little harder.
Bastard!
Let's go.
Hey, wait a minute!
Forget it, Ei.
You were watching?!
You're sticking your neck out
for something annoying again.
It doesn't matter what your Quirk
is if you've got a chivalrous heart!
That's what the Chivalrous Hero:
Crimson Riot would say!
We keep telling you, that's too old.
Pros say that your body moves
before you can think!
In other words...
It's Mina Ashido, from Class 4.
What're they saying?
Doesn't it look like they've become friends?
They've started break dancing.
They left!
Peacefully!
What just happened...?
Mina, there you are!
Hey, do you wanna go to that store today?
Yeah!
I heard Ashido's applying for U.A.
Huh?!
"Mina Ashido - Quirk: Acid"
She's got great reflexes
and gets along well with people.
Her Quirk's strong,
and she looks super flashy.
How heroes are supposed
to be have changed these days.
They consider things like
entertainment and approval ratings.
Ashido's really trendy.
That's why she's cut out to be a hero.
Compared to that...
My Quirk is Hardening. And it's just a little.
Honestly, I'm boring.
If you have chivalry in your heart,
it doesn't matter what your Quirk is.
You just need to train
your body as hard as you can
to cover for your Quirk with your spirit.
That's what I thought, but...
What should we do for high school?
Maybe I'll apply to the famous U.A., too!
Idiot. Becoming a hero is impossible
from the start for us normal people.
What about you, Ei?
Wanna apply to Droid Tech together?
Oh, right...
I haven't really decided yet...
"Future Course Survey Form"
"1st Choice: U.A. High School"
Honestly, it's lame,
but seeing someone
like Ashido makes me think,
if only I had a flashier Quirk...
Would I be able to say
I'm applying for the hero course--
for U.A.--with confidence?
What... is that...?
Where's the Springer Hero Agency?
You're not going to tell me?
Crap, why aren't there ever any
heroes patrolling at times like these?
Someone... no...
You go...!
Why won't you tell me...?
Go...!
I said, go!
Turn that corner and then
make a left at the big street!
The agency's about
two kilometers down that street!
Thanks.
Everything is for my master.
Ahhh, that was so scary!
Mina, thank you...!
If you hadn't come,
I'm sure he would've killed us!
I lied and sent him to the police,
so let's hurry up and run away!
Why... didn't I go...?
Why...?
"Eijiro Kirishima"
"Quirk: Hardening"
"He can harden his whole body, which can be used for offense or defense."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 10/16"
"Height: 170 cm" "Blood Type: O" "Likes: Meat"
"Fat Gum"
"Quirk: Fat Adsorption"
"He can adsorb anything and sink it into his body."
"Affiliation: Pro Hero"
"Birthday: 8/8"
"Height: 250 cm" "Blood Type: O" "Likes: Takoyaki"
"Future Course Survey Form"
"1st Choice: U.A. High School"
In the spring,
a middle schooler the same age as me
became famous for resisting a powerful villain.
That was the part everyone talked about,
but according to witnesses,
right before All Might appeared,
a middle schooler who looked
like his friend rushed out.
I'm not covering for anything with my spirit.
When you're really scared...
When your life is really on the line...
Your true colors show.
Facing a life or death situation and
being able to take a step on top of that
is what makes someone hero material.
I'm not even a man, let alone a hero...
According to my mom,
the first time my Quirk appeared,
I accidentally cut my eye.
Apparently, for a while after that,
I sobbed that I hated my Quirk.
It's not that big of a deal,
but thinking about it now, I probably
admired him because I hated my own Quirk.
"As long as you have chivalry in your heart,
anyone can be a hero!"
He had a similar Quirk
and proudly risked his life as a hero.
That's not it, is it?
I-I'm sorry!
Oh...
"Hero Compendium"
"50 Great Heroes"
It's the supplement of great heroes
I asked for for my birthday a long time ago.
Is this my first time watching it...?
Well then, let's start the questions.
Right, hit me!
Even compared to other heroes,
you give the impression
of rushing headlong into things.
Do you ever feel fear about
throwing yourself into danger?
Just what do you think I am?!
Of course I do!
Anyone who isn't afraid of almost
certain death is just a huge idiot!
I didn't really get it when
I was in elementary school,
and his words didn't sink in.
I just thought he was cool for
charging full force into everything.
When I was a sidekick, there was a
time I didn't save someone I could've.
I know. It can't be helped.
The current rate of crime is also--
That's not what I'm talking about!
I hesitated for a second.
Because my spirit was weak,
I couldn't save someone.
I'm scared of villains and of dying!
But I know something even scarier.
The last expression of someone dying,
and the pain of being unable to save them.
I know of those things,
so that's why I can jump in.
What does chivalry mean to you?
It's the state of my heart!
It's not about having
confidence or not knowing fear.
I'm a hero, and that's why I protect people!
Once I've decided that in my heart,
then it's something I'd die for.
Just living a life with no regrets--
That's what chivalry means to me!
"Future Course Survey Form"
"1st Choice: U.A. High School"
"Class 1: Eijiro Kirishima"
Ei, are you serious?
Yeah, I'm serious.
I won't let the same thing happen again. I...
Sorry!
Back then, even though I saw you two,
I was too scared to move!
Who is he again?
I think he's from Class 1...
Don't worry about it.
Anyone would be scared.
Mina's just too amazing.
"Certain Victory"
Huh?!
What's with that hair?!
Trying to look cool for high school?!
You've got horns! Like me!
Yeah! Don't tease me about it.
I won't regret anything anymore!
I'm going to become a hero
who can protect people!
I'm saying goodbye to the pathetic me!
For you, what happened
that day was tough, huh?
So what?
Don't get too eager!
Ow! I mean, it doesn't hurt! What the heck?
Once you get over it completely
within yourself, let me know, okay?
I'll tell everyone you were
trying to look cool for high school!
Thanks.
I've been through a lot
of scary things up until now.
But even more than that,
I've always been scared...
You're kidding, right?
You can still keep going, can't you?!
I bet you thought I was a shield,
but that'll be fatal for you.
All the attacks you gave me have
been adsorbed and sunken into my body!
Because I'm usin' so much energy
to sink and suppress them,
I'm burnin' up so much fat from my shield!
My defense is gettin' thinner and thinner,
but the stored-up attacks...
...will become a spear that
can punch through any shield!
Rappa! He's up to something!
Hurry up and finish him!
That's how it is, but my shield's
been cut down more than I expected...
I can't make something equal
to what I've stored up...!
I wanna see it!
If you're alive, then show it to me!
Red...!
I won't...
I won't regret anything again!
I...
...will become...
...a hero who can protect!
He was blown away easily earlier...!
If it cracks, then harden it again!
Bear it! Protect!
Sacrifice yourself!
You're pretty great, too!
What about the Barrier?
Of course I'm putting it up!
Things done in vain...
...should just fall in front of my defense.
It wasn't in vain!
Thanks much!
I've become a great spear!
Tengai! Take down your Barrier!
There's one reason for your defeat!
You guys underestimated--
My greatest, hardest defense...!
It's no use! It's gonna break!
You guys, and I, as well--
underestimated the hero named Red Riot...
...and his chivalrous spirit!
In this spear-and-shield battle,
we're the winners.
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
We've been moving forward to save Eri,
but the Hassai Group's Irinaka made an
underground maze to block our way.
Uraraka and the others! Kirishima!
And Amajiki! The path
they've woven together for us--
I can't let it stop here!
Next time, "Temp Squad."
No... Why are these guys here?!
Go beyond!
"Next time: Temp Squad"
Plus Ultra!